my office of the day and we are going to
have a dinner with our friends we are
going to have some pizzas tonight and
just before our dinner I want you to do
this quick outfit what I'm wearing and
maybe give you some idea how you can
style your high waisted shorts in coral
color which is very very in right now
still wearing summer I refuse to think
about the cold weather so yeah summer
style is definitely something that I'm
just going to continue doing you know
with us about so let's start first from
the accessories because they don't have
quite a few so what I'm wearing on my
wrists are basically these random red
bracelets and my bracelets from H&M I
will love this color than my to wrap
bracelets from H&M this is the bracelet
that I bought as a souvenir from my
summer vacations in the island of rub I
just returned from my summer vacations
and this is the bracelet that really
reminds me of it my coconut was from
Sardinia from like two summers and
another bracelet from H&M that goes well
with put everything basically then I'm
wearing this ring and I love this thing
see how unusual this is a dear and I got
this from wholesale dress dotnet and it
was very very affordable like I believe
it was less than one dollar so how
amazing is that
they have a huge selection of very
interesting jewelry at very affordable
prices so that is amazing then I'm just
wearing this one bangle from Pro Mode I
really love the colors all these colors
are just perfect and they love the
combination of all of them and these
actually came in a set of tree I believe
on poor there were other bracelets like
thinner one but I'm only wearing one
today like this and then kind of wearing
this purse it's just like a big
oversized clutch like a snake cream
obviously take I believe this is a fake
leather I'm not even sure because they
got it at the thrift store for just the
like ridiculously low price when I went
drifting with my friend lately so I
really know it's twice big it fits
inside them pretty much everything that
I need I'm wearing this belt just
abraded thin belt from letici it was
from study value store and basically
this belt came together with the longer
shirt but today I'm just wearing the
belt and my belief led our this so super
cute color and the ADIZ are more pink
than coral I would say there will be
different and cover my shorts but i
still believe they go well together
and they got these at comoros store it's
like a French brand because it's here in
Italy and they were like I'm the price
was amazingly reduced only for your
much more but they were the only pair
left and I'm size 40 so that's why i was
lucky we found their only
my short are from Topshop and I really
really love the fact that they're
high-waisted I love this color and i
love these details here so pretty
then I'm also wearing this
tank top from H&M from divided section
and it's just simple white cotton so it
feels really nice on your skin it has
got a couple of buttons so you can
to sleep with somebody
I tucked it inside of the short because
I believe it
like this yeah that's it that's
everything that I'm wearing for today
this is my place styling I hope you
liked it and I hope we've inspired doing
some way to let me know what is
as usual you will be able to
so thanks for watching and please
support my subscribe